# pvpgn-password-request
PvPGN password request script. [PHP]

**What is PvPGN?**

PvPGN (Player vs Player Gaming Network) is a free and open source software project offering emulation of various gaming network servers. It is published under the GPL and based upon bnetd.
It currently supports most features of all Battle.net classic clients (Diablo, Diablo II, Diablo II: Lord of Destruction, StarCraft, StarCraft: Brood War, Warcraft II: Battle.net Edition, Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos, Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne). It also offers basic support for Westwood Online clients (Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun, Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2, Command & Conquer: Yuri's Revenge).

**What is PvPGN password request?**

PvPGN password request is a script written in PHP with a PHP mailer built-in that allow any PvPGN client to recover the password through a Battle.net private server that is running on PvPGN. Officially, PvPGN has no built-in function to rocover a lost password and this script can be used to have that function working.

**How is working?**

PvPGN does generate and output logs if a user is requesting a new password and if the username matches with the email address stored into the database. This script can be used as a Windows service which is running in the background checking every 5 seconds the logs generated by PvPGN. When somebody is requesting the password for their account this script will trigger and an email will be sent to the user with the password stored into the database.

**Requirments:**

- PvPGN logs must be enabled.
- SMTP Server.
- PHP Windows version.
- NSSM(the Non-Sucking Service Manager).

**How to implement?**

**1)** Download + extract this repostory to PvPGN folder and rename the extracted folder to `sendmail`.

**2)** Edit the `config.php` file from the `sendmail` folder and set the required information such as your path to PvPGN folder and a SMTP server.

**3)** Download [PHP for windows](https://windows.php.net/download/)(non-thread safe version) + extract to your PvPGN folder and rename the extracted folder to PHP.

**4)** OpenSSL **must** be enabled for the PHP Mailer and by default a portable version of PHP does **not** contain a php.ini file with all the extensions enabled. To do this rename the `php.ini-development` file to `php.ini` then edit it.
Search the next stings `extension_dir = "ext"`, `extension=openssl` and uncomment those lines by deleting the first character`(;)` of each line.

**5)** Download [NSSM](https://nssm.cc/download)(the Non-Sucking Service Manager) + extract, open the extracted folder and copy your architecture(x32 or x64) folder to PvPGN folder.

**Important!** The path directory of NSSM will **not** work if contains any spaces.

- Good Example: C:\d2server\nssm
- Bad example: C:\d2 server\nssm

**6)** Open cmd.exe under Administrator privilage and change the directory to NSSM path.

nssm install "PvPGN Mailer" C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\php\php.exe
nssm set "PvPGN Mailer" Description PvPGN Password Request.
nssm set "PvPGN Mailer" AppDirectory C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\php
nssm set "PvPGN Mailer" AppParameters C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\sendmail\mailer.php


To manually verify the data
nssm edit "PvPGN Mailer"

To remove
nssm remove "PvPGN Mailer" confirm

how to add delay?


**Tested on:**

- OS: Windows 2012 Server Standard.
- PvPGN version: 1.8.5.
- PHP version: 7.3.4.
- NSSM version: 2.24.
